Add missing changelog entry for #3499 (#3500)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

> - Fix ext:update issue where local extension is incorrectly inferred as published (#3499)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes an issue with ext:update where local extension is incorrectly inferred as published (#3499)
```
Minor wordsmithing to use active voice
